# Restuner

A simple web service built around a large language model that enables users to tune their resumes according to desired job roles. The tool accepts a resume file and a job description as input, initializes the language model with the submitted data, and generates customized recommendations for enhancing the resume's alignment with the specified job opening.

The service utilizes Replicate's pre hosted LLMs for its utility.

**Build instructions**

``` bash
git clone https://github.com/rishit-singh/Restuner.git; # clone the repo

cd Restuner; # cd into the repo

yarn install; # install the required dependencies

yarn build && yarn serve; # build the library and run the API
```


**API Reference**

---
**Base URL**: `<YOUR_BASE_URL>`

---

### POST /upload

**Summary**: Submit user's resume and job description to initialize the language model.

**Request Body**:

Required `multipart/form-data` encoded form including two parts:

1. `resume` *(binary)*: Applicant's resume to be processed by the model.
2. `job_description` *(text)*: Detailed job description for which the applicant is applying.

**Equivalent JavaScript Fetch Request**:

```javascript
const formData = new FormData();
formData.append('resume', fs.readFileSync('path/to/your/resume.pdf'));
formData.append('job_description', 'Software Engineer Position requiring expertise in React and Python.');

fetch('<YOUR_BASE_URL>/upload', {
  method: 'POST',
  body: formData
})
.then(res => res.json())
.then(resJson => console.log(resJson));
```

**Response**:

Returns a JSON object containing the following properties:

- `State` *(integer)*: Represents the bot's internal state, such as `0` for idle, `1` for loading a resume, or `2` for fine-tuning the model.

**Equivalent JavaScript Fetch Parsing Response**:

```javascript
.then(res => res.json())
.then(resJson => console.log(resJson.State));
```

---

### GET /output

**Summary**: Retrieve the latest customized response generated by the model.

**URL Parameters**: None

**Query Parameters**: None

**Equivalent JavaScript Fetch Request**:

```javascript
fetch('<YOUR_BASE_URL>/output')
.then(res => res.json())
.then(resJson => console.log(resJson));
```

**Response**:

Returns a JSON object containing the following properties:

- `State` *(integer)*: Internal bot state, similar to the response property in the '/upload' endpoint.
- `Output` *(string)*: Combined contents of the most recently produced output lines separated by a '\n'. When there's no prior output, this value would be an empty string.

**Equivalent JavaScript Fetch Parsing Response**:

```javascript
.then(res => res.json())
.then(resJson => {
  console.log(resJson.State);
  console.log(resJson.Output);
});
```
